Today we're talking about social media
strategy. As a business owner, how do
you figure out the right social strategy
so that your content actually grows your
business? This is the million-dollar
question. Now, it turns out there are
only four different social media
strategies that you should consider
using as a business owner. So, in this
video, I'm going to walk through the
pros and cons of each one. And by the
end, you will know exactly which social
media strategy you should use to grow
your business the fastest. By the way,
I'm Callaway. I have a million
followers. I've done billions of views.
And I've also worked with hundreds of
business owners behind the scenes to
figure out their social media strategy.
All right. Now, right off the bat, I'm
going to introduce the four different
social media strategies. And as with
anything, there are pros and cons to
each of the four paths. You can win with
any of them in any niche, but ideally,
you want to go allin on just one. So, to
start off, let's go through the four
options. Really, you have a 2x two
matrix. You've got individual personal
brand and traditional brand account
positioning on one side and then you've
got entertainment verse education
content on the other. This gives you
four total strategies. Strategy one, you
could build a personal brand account
making entertainment content in your
niche. Strategy two, you could build a
personal brand account making education
content in your niche. Strategy three,
you could build a traditional brand
account making entertainment content.
And strategy four, you could build a
traditional brand account making
education content. So, those are the
four options. Now, a few things to keep
in mind as I go through this. I'm
approaching this exercise assuming your
goal is to make money through content
because my YouTube channel is
specifically designed for business
owners to use social media or YouTube to
make a ton of money for their business.
If you're an artist or you're not really
looking to make money through content,
this video is probably not for you.
Okay, now let's break down those
different factors to help you figure out
which of the four boxes you should play
in when it comes to your account
positioning. Individual personal brand
versus traditional brand. This is really
about where you want the trust to acrue
from viewers. You're either going to
position yourself as an individual
personal brand with the trust acrewing
to you as the messenger or you're going
to position yourself as a traditional
brand with the trust acrewing to the
brand around a set of messages or
beliefs. This is Ronaldo verse Nike for
example. Now, of course, traditional
brand accounts will still have
individuals literally making the
content. So, some degree of trust is
going to acrue to those faces and those
characters. But this decision is really
a macro decision on where you want the
value acrruel to go. Now on the content
side, entertainment versus education,
this is more of a decision of how you
want the value transfer to happen in the
content. On the entertainment side,
value comes from a dopamine unlock in
content that drives some emotional
transfer. Things like humor, fear,
sadness, joy, curiosity. The goal with
entertainment content always is to drive
that emotional transfer. On the
education side, the value comes from a
utility unlock. when you make content
that drives a tactical value transfer,
something the viewer can actually use to
solve a painoint or problem. So, that's
entertainment verse education. Now, like
I said initially, you can win with any
of those four strategies in any
category, but you really have to pick
one of the boxes and go allin. And
that's because the way you execute
against each one varies significantly.
If you're straddling or half in, half
out, you're going to lose. All right.
Now, last thing to say before we get
into the meat of how to pick, how to
make the content, and all of that. To
pick the right strategy, you first need
to identify what business game you
really want to play. Certain content
strategies, certain boxes don't work if
you're playing certain business games.
So, here are the two different business
games you can play. The first game is
the advertising game, otherwise known as
brand deals and CPMs. In this game,
brands and the social platforms pay you
to make content that you post on your
channels. And really, this is just an
advertising play. They pay you $1 to
make your video because they think they
can get $3 back when your viewers buy
their products. Now, typically the
advertising game works only if you're
positioned as an individual personal
brand. Regardless of whether you make
entertainment or education content, you
have to be an individual personal brand.
It doesn't work if you're positioned as
a traditional brand account because
competitors don't want to pay other
brands to push their products and the
other brands are not going to push them.
So, if you're playing the advertising
game and you want brand deals, you want
the platforms to pay you, YouTube,
Instagram, Tik Tok through CPMs, you
have to be an individual personal brand
account, whether or not you're
entertainment or education content. Now,
the other business game, the one that
most of the people watching this are
trying to play, is called the conversion
game. For this game, you have some
product or service that you're trying to
sell to your audience. You use free
content to build awareness and trust,
and then at some point, you try to
convert some portion of those viewers to
a paid offer. And for this game, all
four of the boxes, all four strategies
are viable. Okay, so before I go any
further, let's just review what I've
covered so far. And by the way, all the
crazy valuable non-obvious stuff, it's
about to come next. I just had to set
the stage so everybody's on the same
page. This is the summary. There are
four main social media strategies split
across a 2x2 matrix. You could position
yourself as a personal brand or
traditional brand, and you could make
entertainment or education content. That
makes the four boxes. Then we have two
different business games you could play.
There's the advertising game where you
rent space on your content in exchange
for dollars. And there's the conversion
game where you use free content to try
to convert viewers to buy your products
and services. If you're positioned as an
individual personal brand, both business
games are viable. You can play either.
If you're positioned as a traditional
brand, only the conversion game is going
to be viable. The advertising game
really isn't. And just to prove my point
that you can win any game in any niche
across any of the four boxes, let's take
a simple example. Let's go with travel.
So, you've got the four options for
personal brand making education content.
You've got someone like Cara and Nate.
They've got 1.1 million followers on
Instagram, 4 million followers on
YouTube. Their channels are mostly
educational tips and vlog breakdowns,
giving you tactical things that you can
do when you travel to different places.
They monetize mostly through brand
sponsorships, YouTube AdSense, and they
also have a newsletter, which they sell
ad space on as well. So, they're playing
the advertising game a couple different
ways. For scale, they probably make5
to$10 million per year. Now, for
personal brand travel on the
entertainment side, you've got someone
like Katarina at professional traveler.
She monetizes mostly through travel
related brand deals. Again, playing the
advertising game. And she gets deals
from places like hotels, airlines,
tourism boards, things like that. Now,
her channel and her content is mostly
cinematic travel vibes. The reason it's
an entertainment account is because her
content is not tactically applicable for
the traveler. If you see her lavishly
lounging around Morocco, you're not
going to get a tip for what to do. You
just get inspired emotionally to want to
go there. You see the difference? One,
Cara Nate is more educationally focused.
You watch a video and you can tactically
apply something they give you to go plan
your own trip. The other Katarina is
more just vibes trying to create this
emotional transfer to get you to travel.
Now, on the traditional brand side, we
have two as well. So, on the education
content side, we have a brand like
Lonely Planet, and this is a business
that sells custom travel plans, among
other things. They use their free
educational content to teach viewers a
bit of a sampler, kind of like Karen
Nate, what to do when you travel, where
to go, etc. It's really a sample of the
things that they sell on the custom and
higher tiers. And then lastly, on the
traditional brand entertainment side,
you've got a brand like Wander. And this
is a business that rents luxury vacation
homes in the US. Now, they use
entertainment content to help expose
future travelers to their properties and
the experiences you can have. They're
not educating viewers on travel tips or
teaching people how to run luxury
properties. Their content is purely
entertainment. It's trying to drive some
emotional transfer, FOMO, inspiration,
motivation to book. That's kind of where
they play. So, like I said, all four can
work in the travel niche. All four of
these are making seven figures. The two
businesses are much, much bigger. So,
you can win with any of the four. You
just have to pick which one you want to
play based on the business game and then
go from there. Okay, so hopefully that
example was helpful in seeing the four
boxes can work for any niche. So, where
do we go from here? The million-dollar
question really is this. How do I pick
which of those four boxes I should play
in as a business owner with a specific
business? How do I know which one's
going to work for me? And then also,
once I do pick one, what content do I
actually make in my box so that it
actually works to convert? And I'm going
to go through the answer to both of
those questions right now. By the way,
if you're watching this and you're a
business owner, which I hope you are,
and you like the way I break these
things down. I just make it simple for
you to understand. I built a free
community with 32,000 other business
owners and 65 other trainings just like
this across all different types of stuff
with content and YouTube for free. It's
completely free. People are in there
helping each other with content. It's
honestly the best community and resource
for business owners when it comes to
content on the internet. So, if you want
to join, I got an invite link for you in
the description. It's called Wavy World.
Okay. So, the big question on your mind
right now after watching everything I
went through so far is this. How do I
figure out which of those four boxes I
should play in for my business? And the
way you decide that strategy is based on
two very simple questions. It's honestly
shockingly simple. Once you have the
framework, the first question is the
bigger one, and this is how you decide
whether or not you should make
entertainment or education content. This
is what you have to ask yourself. Does
the product or service that you sell
require education for how that solution
actually solves the problem for the
viewer? Or is there embedded
understanding in the product and
solution? I'm going to explain exactly
what that means. But that question,
underline that question, write it down
on your paper. That is the only question
that matters. So, let me explain. If
you're selling candy, if you have a
candy brand or a chocolate brand, you
don't need to educate the viewer on the
problem that they want to snack or that
your solution, your candy, will solve
that problem. They understand that candy
solves the snack craving. So there is an
embedded understanding in the viewer's
brain of how your solution could solve
their problem. So you don't have to
educate them on how that solution works.
So all you need to do with your content
is make the viewer remember their
problem that they're hungry and be aware
of your solution that you make candy.
And the easy way to do this at scale is
to make entertainment content that
creates an emotionally driven desire.
This is why Mr. Beast entertainment
content works so well to sell his
chocolate feastables. It's also why
Midday Squares skit entertainment
content works so well to build their
brand and sell their chocolate. It's
because there is already an embedded
understanding that chocolate solves the
snack craving. So, you don't have to
educate people on something that they
already know. Of course, they need to
learn about your product and brand, but
they don't need to be educated on how
your product or brand solves their
problem. See the difference? Now, let's
take a completely different scenario.
Let's say you're selling custom tax
solutions for small businesses. A
business owner may not need education on
the problem. They know they're already
paying too much in taxes, but they will
definitely need education on how your
custom tax solution better solves that
problem than any alternative. So, with
your content, you're going to need to
make sure there's a clear path to that
viewer and ultimate buyer learning or
being educated on how your solutions
work. If you just made entertainment
content about taxes, like funny skits on
business, that might get views because
people are laughing, but it wouldn't
actually move the needle towards
conversion because the buyer wouldn't
know how your solution solves their
problem. So, this whole thing, the
decision between entertainment and
education content really boils down to
if your buyer needs education on how
your solution solves their problem. If
you don't need the buyer to have that
education, you make entertainment
content. If you do need the buyer to
have that education, you make education
content. It really is this simple. Let
me give you a few other examples to help
this make more sense. Let's say you have
a clothing brand. There's already
embedded understanding of how clothing
works. So, you're going to make
entertainment content. Skits, try-on
hauls, vlogs, cinematic product shoots,
any format designed to create an
emotional feeling or vibe in the
customer's eye. You don't need to
explain the manufacturing process to get
the certain thread count on the clothing
unless you're using a crazy different
manufacturing process that needs to be
educated because that's your selling
point. But let's say you're a fashion
stylist. There is no embedded
understanding on how you work, how you
build a wardrobe, which brands you like,
what your taste is. And so you're going
to need to make education content to
help educate the viewer and ultimately
the buyer how your process differs.
You're educating them on why and how
your fashion sense is better so they can
trust that your solution will solve
their problem. You see the difference?
In both scenarios, of course, you have
to make them aware of your product and
brand. But with a clothing brand, you
don't have to educate them on how to put
a hoodie on. You put it over your head.
People get that. But if you're a fashion
stylist, you have to educate them on
your process, the brands you like, and
the differences. So they know that
buying your custom fashion styling
advice will make a difference. All
right, let's take another example. What
about software? If you're building a
consumer app that mimics functionality
that lots of people have seen before,
let's say a retro camera app that takes
a photo and applies a filter onto it,
well then you're going to make
entertainment content. You don't need to
explain how a filter works. People get
it. What you do need to do is show the
end result of the retro shots drive a
feeling of nostalgia and make people
want it emotionally. But let's say
you're building a new productivity app.
You're going to need to make educational
content about productivity, about daily
routines, and specifically how your
productivity app works differently than
the baseline thing they're doing today.
And so on and so on and so on. You could
go through every example. For certain
categories, the product and solution
understanding is embedded. So you don't
need to make educational content. In
fact, entertainment content that drives
emotion will work better. Here are some
of the types of businesses and
categories that really work better with
entertainment content. things like
consumer goods, consumables, CPG,
clothing brands, basic consumer
software, broadly understood business
software, travel, some fitness use
cases. Now, obviously, it needs to be
analyzed on a business by business
basis, but just to try to give broad
strokes. Typically, those categories
have embedded solution understanding so
you can make entertainment content and
drive the most traction. Now on the
other side, businesses that are better
suited for educational content would be
things likeformational products,
agencies, consulting, coaching, niche
formulas or frameworks, new or
innovative methods, advanced software
that has lots of bells and whistles, and
so on. By now, you probably get it, but
just in case you don't, you want to ask
yourself this. Does my buyer need to be
educated on how my solution works to
solve their problem? And again, I've
said this 10 times. Of course, in either
scenario, they're going to have to
become aware of your brand and product,
but do they need to be educated on how
the solution works? If no, you make
entertainment content. If yes, you make
education content. Okay, so that is
question one. Remember, I said there's
really only two questions you have to go
through to pick which box. That's
question one. That's how you pick the
entertainment or education side. Now,
question two is the positioning
question. And this is really how you
decide, do I position myself as an
individual personal brand or as a
traditional brand account? And the
question that leads to this decision is
also very simple. What is the fastest
path to getting the viewer to trust that
your solution will solve their problem?
Typically, trust occurs faster to the
individual instead of the entity because
people just tend to trust people more so
than they trust amorphous brands. This
is why almost always you're going to
have more success building an individual
personal brand than a traditional one.
This is why traditional brands use
spokespeople. It's why they work with
influencers. It's why they have humans
making a lot of their content today.
People have recognized emotionally
people buy from people and trust people
faster than they trust brands. So the
real question is in what cases, what
businesses do you have to be building to
not want to build an individual personal
brand? Cuz there are some exceptions. So
let's go through that. The only times I
would recommend building your social
strategy under a traditional brand name
instead of an individual personal brand,
is if you're doing something in
consumer, typically CPG or retail, and
the buyers are going to need to remember
that name when searching or looking for
it in a store. In these cases, it's
super helpful to aggregate the equity
around the brand name, especially if
it's going to be sold in stores. Also,
if the brand ethos is more easily
communicated by a collective instead of
an individual, it can often be good to
aggregate the trust towards the brand,
the set of messages and beliefs instead
of one single individual. Still, even in
those situations where you're building a
social strategy under a brand account
name, you still want to have one person
or a small group of characters make the
content so that you still get that
pseudo trust person to person. For
example, when you look at a brand like
Midday Squares, you can see they built
their social strategy under a
traditional brand name. It's @ Midday
Squares. That's their handle. But if you
look under the hood, all the content is
mostly hosted by the three founders. So,
it's named individually, but it kind of
acts like a pseudo personal brand. But
the reason this traditional brand
account positioning is very helpful is
because it gives them a lot of
negotiating leverage when they try to
get their products placed in store and
it helps acrew brand trust. So, if you
see it in the store, you're going to
recognize the name Midday Squares. Are
you going to remember to buy chocolate
from Leslie, the founder, or from Midday
Squares? Maybe at the very beginning
when it's friends and family, you're
going to remember Leslie. But very
quickly, when you're in the store, you
want that brand recognition for people
to buy. So, I'd say this in almost all
scenarios, unless you're doing CPG,
retail, or like traditional ecom, you're
going to want to build an individual
personal brand account. And somehow, if
you're still confused on this individual
versus personal brand, this should be
the deciding factor. If the buyer needs
to trust you at all as the individual in
order to make the purchase, you're going
to build an individual personal brand.
But if you're trying to get the buyer to
trust the stamp of the brand, this
amorphous logo or set of values, then
build a traditional brand account, but
still try to benefit from some of that
persontoperson trust. Okay, so now we
kind of know of the four boxes, which
one should we play in? So, where do we
go now? Remember at the beginning of the
video when I said there was two
different business games you could play?
If you're playing the conversion game,
trying to convert people into your own
products or services, you've got a clear
picture of the four boxes. If the
customer needs education on how your
solution works, you're making education
content. If the customer doesn't need
education on how your solution works,
you're making entertainment content. If
you as the individual need to be trusted
to get somebody to buy, you're making an
individual personal brand. And if you're
building CPG, retail, or ecom, or you're
detached from the individual messenger,
you might be building a traditional
brand. And by the way, if you're still
confused, leave a comment below
describing your business and which of
the four boxes you think you should be
in based on what I went through. And
then I'll jump in if you're confused and
try to give you my guidance. So that's
the conversion game. But what if you're
playing the advertising game where you
monetize from brand deals? We know if
you want to play advertising, you got to
be an individual personal brand. But
should you make entertainment or
education content? How do you decide?
Here's how. Think about the brands that
would pay you for the brand deals in
your category and imagine what type of
content they would make on their own
channels based on the 2x two strategy.
Typically, brands are going to pay
creators the most that'll drive the best
conversion for their products. So, if
the brand is going to require education
on how their solutions solve the
problem, that means the brand would have
to make educational content. And so if
educational content will work best for
them, then they're going to pay
educational content creators to make
content for them. See how those tie
together? For example, if a beauty brand
is crushing with educational makeup
tutorials and they want to go pay
creators to get more of that content,
they're going to go to makeup creators
that make educational content because
that's proven to work if that's what's
required to get their product explained.
But if you're trying to get Delta
Airlines as a partner, well, nobody
needs to be educated on how a plane
works. they're probably going to make
entertainment content and therefore
they're going to pay entertainment
creators in the travel space. The truth
is, if you're an individual creator
playing the advertising game, you can
get paid in both scenarios, education
and entertainment. But most brands are
going to pay more for large education
creators because education is one step
closer to purchase than awareness. And
that brings up a really important
concept that will tie this whole thing
together. What you're looking at is the
most important marketing graphic in the
world. and it illustrates exactly what I
just went through. It's called the
marketing funnel, but this is the
Callaway marketing funnel. You're not
going to see this in a Harvard textbook.
This is specifically how a viewer goes
from content to purchase. This is the
modern marketing funnel. You've got
seven steps at the top. Step one is
awareness of the problem. Step two is
awareness of the solution category. Step
three is awareness of you as a brand or
player in the category. Step four is
awareness that you as a brand or player
have a solution for this problem. Step
five is education on the solution
category for the problem. Step six is
education on your specific solution for
this problem. And step seven is
conversion on your specific solution for
this problem. This is the general flow a
buyer goes through at the very top
awareness all the way down to buying
your product. But the reason this is
different than most traditional
marketing funnels is because not every
buyer requires every step in the funnel
depending on which business you have. So
let's take the chocolates example. I'm
going to explain this in detail cuz I
think this funnel makes it really clear
where your content needs to live.
Typically the average person is already
aware of the problem. That's step one.
They're hungry. They have a craving.
They want some sugar. They're also aware
of the solution category. They know
there's a bunch of foods out there that
can curb their craving. Chocolate being
one of They're aware of the category.
Now, they're probably not aware of you
as a brand in the space or that you make
a solution for this problem. You make a
chocolate bar that they might want.
Those are steps three and four. So, when
it comes to being a chocolate brand
making entertainment content, your only
goal is to get as many people to step
three and four, to be aware of your
brand name, and to be aware that you
make a chocolate bar that could solve
that problem. Now, like I said, you're
making entertainment content because
when it comes to chocolate, the viewer
doesn't need to be educated on how
chocolate will solve their hunger
craving. That's already embedded in
their mind. So, the user skips step five
and six when they're buying a CPG,
retail, or any product that's embedded
in their mind. They go from 1 2 3 4
straight to 7. But this works completely
differently when we think about the tax
example. For the tax example, the viewer
is again aware of the problem that they
pay way too much in taxes. And they
might even be aware of some solutions on
the market that they could use. So
they're aware of the category of
solutions, but they are not aware of
you. They're not aware of your solution.
They don't have any education on how the
solutions could be different or how your
solution works. So they have gaps in
steps 3, four, five, and six. They're
stuck at step two. And to get them to
step seven, conversion, you got to get
them all the way through steps 3 to six.
Now, the best way to do this is to make
a ton of educational content at step
five. and occasionally step six. Step
five is helping them understand how
different solutions work across the
space, not just yours, but educating
them broadly, giving them the most
possible value. And then every once in a
while, you can infuse your own solution,
which is step six. By making content at
steps five and six, they become aware of
you and your solution, steps three and
four. And that's how you ascend them 1 2
3 4 5 6 all the way down to conversion,
step seven. So this really is how you
think about your social media strategy
regardless of the business that you
have. And from here you can confidently
decide which box to play in. But of
course the real question after you pick
the box is how do you know which content
to make in your box so that it actually
works well? That really is the question
at the bottom of the funnel. But most
people don't even pick the right box. So
we've got that covered. Now it's how do
I know what content to make in my box so
that it works the best? And there are
really two pieces here. The first one is
studying what's already working in your
box in your niche. And this really is
the cheat code of all cheat codes when
it comes to content strategy. When
you're trying to figure out what content
to make, all you have to do is look at
the other accounts in your niche using
the same strategy and what's working for
them. Now, before I talk through this
strategy exercise, you probably would
have looked at every type of account in
your space, all four boxes. So, if you
had a fitness coaching program before
you watched this video, you were
probably looking at all different types
of people in the fitness ecosystem.
Individual athletes, other coaches,
other fitness brands, gyms, the whole
ecosystem. Don't do that. The best way
to win is to specifically analyze the
channels in your strategy that are
working in your niche. So, for example,
if you run a social media agency and
you've watched this video and you've
thought, "All right, I want to make
content." You've decided the place you
want to play individual personal brand
education content. That's what you've
chosen. All you have to do to figure out
which videos to make is to study the
winning accounts in the social media
space that are individual personal
brands that make education content.
That's all you have to do. Don't look
anywhere else but this blinders on. Find
those people. Now, the easiest way to do
this exercise is sand castles.ai. You
can find all the accounts. You can look
at all their videos in one place. Sort
them by what's working best and get to
the answer so much faster than any other
way. And if you don't know which
accounts to add, you don't know who
makes the best content in social media,
education, personal brand, all you have
to do is find one. Typically, if you
want to make content in that space,
you're probably scrolling and consuming
that content. You've probably seen one
person that makes good content in the
space. You only need one. Take them, add
them to Sandcastles, go to who they're
following on Instagram or Tik Tok,
scroll through that list, and then get
to 10 to 20 accounts. The more accounts
you can find, the better. I'm telling
you. Now, in this example, when you're
trying to find which accounts to track,
you don't want brand accounts and you
don't want anyone brand or personal
brand that makes entertainment content.
That's what you're avoiding. Those are
the other three boxes. So, how do you
know that? Well, personal brand versus
brand is pretty easy. If the handle is a
brand, it's a brand. If it's a personal
brand, it's a personal brand. But the
harder one is identifying is somebody
making entertainment or education
content. How do you actually tell if you
don't know what you're looking for?
Here's how you tell. Click on the
account, watch the last 10 videos, and
ask yourself in those videos, were they
giving me tactically helpful advice that
I could go apply on my own or not? If
yes, if you could apply that knowledge,
they're an education account. If no,
anything else, they're entertainment
disguised as education. So, what you're
going to do is you're going to go
through that exercise. You're going to
find 10 to 20 accounts. Either you know
10 to 20, you find 10 to 20 on the feed,
you pick one and look at who they're
following. whichever route you're going
to get to 10 to 20 and you're going to
build them in a list in Sandcastles.ai.
Once you have that list, you're going to
go to the videos tab on Sandcastles.
You're going to filter by that list and
then you're going to sort by most viewed
or highest outlier videos. This will
give you a grid of all the best
performing videos across all the best
accounts in your strategy, in your
niche. The answer for what to do is
literally right there on a silver
platter. All you have to do is click
into each video that you see and try to
extract the topic, the key points, the
hook, the format, anything that looks
common across those that you see over
and over, extract that out. That is a
pattern that you want to recreate. And
the reason why this is the answer and it
works so well is because the viewers
that are watching and engaging with
these videos that you see in the
Sandcastle's grid are the same viewers
that you want to watch your stuff and
buy your products and services. It's the
exact same. Now, this process I just
described, it works for every niche.
Entertainment, education, any business,
it works for every single one of the
boxes. It's all you have to do. You
don't have to go beyond this. All right.
Now, the last thing I promised that I
would go through in this video are the
attributes that you want to include
whether you're making entertainment or
education content. You have the
strategy. You now have the lookike
accounts. You're tracking those accounts
and mining for topics and hooks and
formats. But when you go to actually
make the videos, what attributes do you
want those videos to have so that they
actually work and convert people down
the funnel for your business? Now, I
covered this super in-depth in my video
about social media game theory. I'm
going to link it below. If you go to the
timestamp 1447, that's where I start
breaking down first I go through the
entertainment content, then I go through
the education content and the four
attributes for each one that you want to
optimize for. Just to give you a summary
in this video again, here it is. For
entertainment content, all you're going
for is an emotional transfer. You want
your videos to be highly shareworthy,
drive insatiable curiosity with a
massive total addressable market that
ultimately lead in an emotional payoff.
And I explained exactly how to make
content with those attributes in that
other video. I'm not going to rehash the
whole thing here. Go watch that other
video if you want to see how. If you're
making education content, all you're
going for is a tactical value exchange.
Give the viewer something they can
actually use to solve a problem they
have. And for this, you want your
content to be ontarget shareworthy, have
a large ontarget total addressable
market, and have a clear executable
problem solution framework. Again, if
you don't know what that means or how to
apply it, go watch the other video where
I explain step by step exactly how to
make content with those attributes. At
this point, you should have everything
you need to know exactly what social
media strategy you should run. All
right, guys. That is all I've got for
this video. As always, you can tell I'm
out of breath. I'm trying my absolute
best to just give you the free sauce
that nobody is coming even close to on
the internet to giving you. As a
summary, here's what we covered in this
video. First, we talked about the four
different social media strategies that
you should be using as a business owner.
They covered the 2x2 matrix, either an
individual personal brand account,
traditional brand account, entertainment
content, or education content. Now, the
way to choose which of those four boxes
comes down to two main questions. The
first question, does your solution to
the viewer's problem require education?
and the second question, what is the
best way to acrue viewer trust? Based on
those two questions, you can pick which
of the four boxes to play in. We also
covered the two different business
games. You've got the advertising game
or the awareness game and the conversion
game. So now, at this point, you should
have a very clear sense for which social
media strategy you should be running. To
further illustrate this framework, we
broke down Callaway's modern marketing
funnel. And this really is the
psychology flow for how viewers turn
into buyers. Now, lastly, I broke down
the exact steps for how to figure out
what content to make in each of the
boxes so that your viewers turn into
buyers for your brand. And guys, I
cannot scream this any louder. I
literally lost my voice. Just study
what's already working in your box in
your niche. That is all you have to do.
The answers are right there. The only
way to do this efficiently is sand
castles.ai. That's why I built it. I
worked with business owner after
business owner struggling with their
social media strategy and all they had
to do was aggregate the accounts that
are working in their space in their
strategy and look at the videos that
were outperforming. Very hard to do this
manually. Sand castles makes it super
easy. When you're in Sandcastles and you
have the list built and you're looking
at that grid of videos, click into each
one and mine for these things, the
topics, the key facts, the hooks, the
visual formats, the key visuals. Try to
find patterns that are working across
those attributes. Now, I will have more
videos in the future on YouTube about
how to use sand castles to run this
exact mining process. But for now, I've
got a link below with 20 free demos and
tutorials, 10 to 20 minutes long each,
breaking down exactly how to do this,
completely free. It's linked below. So,
if you want to learn how to run this
strategy mining process in Sand Castles,
everything I've described, I've got it
teed up for you in the link below. And
then lastly, one last thing. If you guys
like this video, you're a business
owner, you like me breaking down these
concepts, make sure to join Wavy World.
32,000 business owners, 65 free
trainings. Nobody is giving away the
sauce like this. It's free. We got
entrepreneurs in there helping each
other grow, giving feedback. Is awesome.
It's really a great community. So, if
you want to join that, I've got a free
invite link below for you. All right.
We'll see you guys on the next one.
Peace.